also tonight what we learned after the
deadly joplin tornado center live i'm
crystal lake and i'm chris morning at
seven o'clock on the east coast it is
six central and we want to get right
into it with strong tractor so
pittsburgh you're only at 62 good news
for the southeast where we certainly
need the rain it's going to hang around
on and off as we head into the end of
the weekend on saturday starting to
clear through the southeast and here's
that upper low so it's just sitting and
spinning as we like to say with nothing
to really push it out because it comes
becomes cut off so that is the pattern
as it remains very unsettled here by the
end of the week end of the weekend
crashing Weather Center live i'm chris
warren and i'm crystal Egger seven
thirty eastern now 630 central let's get
right to storm tracker jim cantore
especially east of the rockies the next
few days and all the way into the
weekend but let's just start with
tomorrow from coast to coast and take
you through your forecast if you live in
new york city you'll be dry in the
morning but rain showers moving in by
evening so grab the umbrella or the rain
jacket keep it handy 75 in Burlington
Boston you'll be unscathed here across
New England at least for tomorrow right
up to Memphis you should be dry as well
just with a few clouds hanging around
this is where we'll see a lot of wind in
the cooler air as well so 55 in
Minneapolis but windy so you know it's
going to feel a lot colder than that 70
and Chicago here come the changes your
way into Detroit as well this is where
we don't see any big weather happening
99 in Vegas tomorrow 105 in Phoenix and
dry along the coast with the exception
of some morning clouds absolutely that's
going to be one of the concerns we want
to take you live right now to Japan for
an update on typhoon roki and joining us
live is calorie and joe g she's a tokyo
bureau chief for CNBC asia calorie thank
you for your time obviously we're into
Wednesday morning now they're in Tokyo
looks like you have overcast skies and
some rain what is the latest as Tokyo
braces for the storm all right calorie
and joe g we appreciate that update live
from Tokyo for us let's head back to the
states and see top 5 videos of the day
all right number 5 pumpkin chunkin am I
saying that right this is out of 8 Ohio
I know what we're looking at here looks
to be a pumpkin chuckin contest I
believe I get to use those catapult
ideals anyways now we're looking at a
time lapse because the time lapse the
clouds are moving so fast but we have
the rainbow here you see that coming
right at you crystal I see it a
beautiful sight and number three now a
Texas storm in San Antonio look at the
ominous skies you see the lightning
there a welcome sight to get the rain
obviously but we could do without the
gusty winds and that's right for some
lightning as well and number two here
look at this you're looking at the Sun
and this is a coronal mass ejections
here this is some images coming in from
NASA always amazing what we can capture
from up above number one now a lightning
storm as this also cut we're not sure
where this is but boy it's an impressive
video and interesting how they got this
video's propagule update is coming up we
have the latest all right thanks Jim and
thank you for staying with us tonight on
Weather Center live coming up now good
evening I'm meteorologist crystal Egger
with your weather update right now storm
riders coming up next but first let's
take a look at what's happening all
across the country west of the Rockies
pretty quiet almost uneventful tonight
showers and thunderstorms isolated
throughout the southeast we need the
rain into central Georgia continuing to
come down here no warnings at the moment
down into northern Florida along the
Turnpike we do have rain in fact some
localized areas of heavy rain and this
warning that's just